chore: update release notes for `0.51` to `0.53` (#142)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/releases/overview.md

## Vega core software
The Vega core software is public on a business-source licence, so you can both view the repository change logs, and refer here for summary release notes for each version that the validators use to run the Vega mainnet. Releases are listed with their semantic version number and the date the release was made available to mainnet validators.

### Versions 0.53-0.51 | 2022-07-14

> This release was shared with validators on XXXXXXX. The validators released it to the mainnet network on on XXXXXXX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version was released to the Vega testnet on 14 July, 2022.
```

Note: this issue affects the V1 APIs which will be deprecated and replaced by V2 which is single threaded and thus could not have this bug.

**Event subscriptions for orders was broken:**
When placing an order the orders subscription correctly emits an update for the newly created order. However, the bus event subscription did not emit the expected event. The fix for [719](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/data-node/issues/719) (market depth in data-node V1 incorrect due to race condition) changed the type of the order event such that it no longer implemented these interfaces (no code broke as the check is dynamic), and this prevented the event bus from sending events using the party and market filters.

>  Full details can be seen in issue [730](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/data-node/issues/730)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Full details can be seen in issue [730](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/data-node/issues/730)
```
